[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2018 superhero film Avengers
infinity war so let's get started this
spoiler relies heavily that you've seen
the previous films if you need to see a
spoiler for them we check out the link
in the cards the film opens with Thanos
taking the Power Stone from the planet
Xander in Thanos and his lieutenants
having intercepted the spaceship
carrying the Asgardian survivors from
the end of thor ragnarok vanos obtains
the tesseract after fighting Thor and
Hulk and kills Loki the Hulk is sent to
earth and Thanos uses the space stone
inside the tesseract to open a portal
before destroying the ship and the
Asgardians the hulk arrives in New York
back in the form of Bruce Banner he
warns dr. strange Wong and Tony Stark
about Thanos two of Thanos lieutenants
have a NEMA and cull obsidian arrive on
earth to obtain the time stone from
Doctor Strange the capture dr. strange
and leave earth with spider-man and Tony
Stark sneaking aboard in Scotland
Thanos's other lieutenants Proxima
midnight and Corvus glaive attacked the
Scarlet Witch and vision to get the mine
stone from visions 4head Captain America
Black Widow and Falcon intervene and
they meet up with war machine and banner
back at the avengers headquarters the
decided vision should go to Wakanda to
have his mine stone removed so that they
can destroy before Thanos can get it the
film transitions to the guardians of the
galaxy responding to distress call and
rescuing Thor together they try to stop
Fanus from getting the reality stone
from the collector on nowhere while
rocket and Groot travel with Thor to go
create a battle axe that is capable of
defeating Thanos they're unable to stop
Thanos however and he kidnaps Gamora
Thanos course is the location of the
soul stone from Gamora by torturing
gomorrah's adoptive sister nebula Thanos
and Gamora traveled to Boromir where
they are met by Red Skull
the keeper of the soul stone he informs
them that Thanos must sacrifice someone
he loves for the stone and Fano skills
for more for the soul stone nebula
escapes and gets the
guardians to meet her on Thanos's
homeworld of Titan Stark and spider-man
rescue strange also landing on Titan
where they meet up with the guardians
they form a plan to remove fantasies
Infinity Gauntlet and Doctor Strange
uses his time stone to view all possible
outcomes of the situation seeing only
one possibility where Thanos loses
Thanos arrives and they are nearly able
to remove his glove but quill becomes
enraged when he learns of Kimora's death
and Thanos is able to gain the upper
hand
Thanos nearly kills Stark but dr.
strange is able to spare him by giving
up the time stone later saying that this
is the only way that they could possibly
win in Wakanda Captain America meets up
with Bucky before Thanos attacks the
combined Avengers along with Black
Panther and little Condon's all fight
while Shuri tries to remove the mine
stone from vision but it's unsuccessful
banner unable to transform has to wear
the Hulkbuster armor Thanos arrives and
vision has the Scarlet Witch destroy the
stone which in turn kills him
however Fanus is able to reverse time
using the time stone plucks the stone
from visions forehead and kills him all
over again
Thor is able to severely wound danos but
it fails to kill him
Thanos snaps his fingers and half the
universes turn to ash immediately
including Bucky black panther Groot
Scarlet Witch Falcon mantis Drax quill
Doctor Strange and spider-man as the
film concludes we see fan OHS watching a
sunrise from another planet in a
mid-credits scene we see both Maria Hill
and Nick Fury are turned to ash but they
are able to send a message out to warn
Captain Marvel so that was the spoilers
for infinity war if you have another
film you'd like to see me spoil please
let me know in the comments below check
out movie spoiler alerts on our various
forms of social media follow our monthly
Instagram giveaways and remember to Like
and subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]